NMS-12860: Added some documentation for the remote poller (#3129)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/application-perspective-monitoring/application-perspective-monitoring.adoc

When a service is not responsive an outage will be generated with the corresponding perspective.
In order to configure _Application Perspective Monitoring_ first an application has to be created.

.Create a new application
image::application-perspective-monitoring/create-app.png[]

Next step is to configure the application.
In the upper section services that should be monitored from remote perspective locations can be associated with this application.
In the lower section the perspective locations from which the given services should be monitored can be defined.

.Configuration of an application
image::application-perspective-monitoring/configure-app.png[]

After configuring the application, the minions at the remote perspective locations start to monitor the services associated with this application.
The next screenshot show an HTTP outage noticed from all perspective locations and the _{opennms-product-name}_ poller daemon itself.

.Remote outages
image::application-perspective-monitoring/remote-outages.png[]

The column _Perspective_ shows the remote location from which a minion has detected this outage.

> If no _Perspective_ is shown, the outage was detected by the normal process: the _{opennms-product-name}_ instance detected it in the _Default_ location or a minion detected it in the corresponding node's location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An empty *Perspective* column indicates that the normal process detected the outage: either the _{opennms-product-name}_ instance detected it in the default location or a Minion detected it in the corresponding node's location.
```
Please verify that saying the column is empty is correct. Would it be blank, or a null value?

Author: We don't know it yet. Maybe we will use an icon or term when no perspective is given. I'll change this accordingly when we have a final solution.
